<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tf.xla.experimental.compile" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# tf.xla.experimental.compile

<!-- Insert buttons and diff -->

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="/code/stable/tensorflow/python/compiler/xla/xla.py">View source</a>



Builds an operator that compiles and runs `computation` with XLA.

``` python
tf.xla.experimental.compile(
    computation,
    inputs=None
)
```



<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

NOTE: In eager mode, `computation` will have `@tf.function` semantics.

#### Args:


* <b>`computation`</b>: A Python function that builds a computation to apply to the
  input. If the function takes n inputs, 'inputs' should be a list of n
  tensors.

  `computation` may return a list of operations and tensors.  Tensors must
  come before operations in the returned list.  The return value of
  `compile` is a list of tensors corresponding to the tensors from the
  output of `computation`.

  All `Operation`s returned from `computation` will be executed when
  evaluating any of the returned output tensors.
* <b>`inputs`</b>: A list of inputs or `None` (equivalent to an empty list). Each input
  can be a nested structure containing values that are convertible to
  tensors. Note that passing an N-dimension list of compatible values will
  result in a N-dimension list of scalar tensors rather than a single Rank-N
  tensors. If you need different behavior, convert part of inputs to tensors
  with <a href="../../../tf/convert_to_tensor.md"><code>tf.convert_to_tensor</code></a>.


#### Returns:

Same data structure as if computation(*inputs) is called directly with some
exceptions for correctness. Exceptions include:
  1) None output: a NoOp would be returned which control-depends on
     computation.
  2) Single value output: A tuple containing the value would be returned.
  3) Operation-only outputs: a NoOp would be returned which
     control-depends on computation.
  TODO(b/121383831): Investigate into removing these special cases.



#### Raises:


* <b>`RuntimeError`</b>: if called when eager execution is enabled.


#### Known issues:

When a tf.random operation is built with XLA, the implementation doesn't
  pass the user provided seed to the XLA compiler. As such, the XLA compiler
  generates a random number and uses it as a seed when compiling the
  operation. This implementation causes a violation of the Tensorflow
  defined semantics in two aspects. First, changing the value of the user
  defined seed doesn't change the numbers generated by the operation.
  Second, when a seed is not specified, running the program multiple times
  will generate the same numbers.


## Compat aliases

* `tf.compat.v1.xla.experimental.compile`
* `tf.compat.v2.xla.experimental.compile`

